What should we do for Christmas this year?
It's starting to feel
like Christmas, all right.
Everyone's so merry!
Heck, someone right here already
has a Christmas date on the books.
Isn't that right, Ito?
I-I wouldn't call it a date...
My boyfriend booked a table at a
restaurant and invited me, that's all.
Aw, you little lovebirds!
Won't you have plans
for Christmas, too, Hana?
You know, with your senpai?
You two really are ultra-compatible.
W-Well, you know...
There hasn't been the
slightest whiff of any plans yet.
But I'm sure Senpai
will invite me to something!
After all, I'm special!
"Uzaki-chan Wants to Hang Out!"
"Episode 10:
We Want a Thrill Before Christmas!"
I'm doing prep;
you can go set the table, okay?
Sure.
He can't stop looking at me!
Man, I can read him like a book.
He wants to spend Christmas
with me after all!
A special season!
With his special someone!
That's what that
torrid gaze means, I know it!
Sure, Senpai! I guess I'll have
to make this a fun Christmas for you!
If I can just get your wuss self
to show me you're serious...
Senpai... serious?
Oh, w-wow... Now that makes me
nervous all of a sudden.
If he really does mean business...
What if he turns into some kind of beast?!
Nah--not going by
what I've seen of him so far.
He could be a gentleman about it...
Come here... Uzaki.
Yeah. In that case...
Wait, is that what a gentleman's like?
The Christmas preparations
are complete, Miss Uzaki.
That's not a gentleman--that's a butler.
Woo! Christmas!
Let's raise the roof, Uzaki-chan!
No, no! No way--not ever!
Okay, Hana, calm down for a sec.
Knowing him,
he won't suddenly come after me.
Although we have
known each other long enough...
But, I mean, still...
Huh? Hang on...
Wasn't I just saying that senpai was
the safest creature in the whole world?
So what has me so worried?
Wait... huh?
No, Hana! Senpai is
the safest in the whole world!
That's right! Hang in there, angel me!
"Safest in the whole world," my foot!
That's too many devils!
What's wrong with my conscience?!
Just be honest with yourself already!
N-No! Hana isn't even considering
being like that with her senpai!
"Like that"?
And by "that"...
Like what, hmm?
W-Well, um...
An opening!
D-Do you think maybe...
...at some point... I'll go after him?
--Uzaki?
--Yes!
Wh-Wh-What is it, Senpai?
I'm not done prepping yet.
Oh, no, I wasn't
looking to hurry dinner up.
There's something
I wanted to check, that's all.
Can you... take your top off?
No... no way.
He's not even waiting for Christmas?!
No... he would never...
I can't... I can't do this...
I mean...
We've never...
...done anything...
I can't...
And yet...
Uzaki.
That's perfect.
Senpai?
I knew it. That's my T-shirt.
Oh. Yeah, I guess it is.
I forgot I borrowed it.
I don't mind.
Just be sure you give it back.
Huh? What? What are you so mad about?
I'm the one who has his T-shirts stolen!
I didn't steal them--I borrowed them!
And I'll give them back, okay? Happy?
I'll wash everything
and bring them over tomorrow!
O... kay.
These oversized shirts are awfully comfy,
but fine! You can have them back!
They don't smell like you anymore,
so I'm fine letting them go!
You were smelling them?
Stop that. How mortifying.
I'm sorry! I won't mention it again!
I'll forget all about it--I already have!
Was that some kind of sore spot for you?
Here I thought I'd take
the initiative for the holidays...
Oh, but this ain't over.
I'll show him a thing or two tomorrow!
And the next day...
Are you ready for this, Senpai?
Uzaki, no! Please--anything but that!
Yes... there's that face.
That's what really makes my day.
But it's too late to stop now.
And it's all your fault.
No, no, no--wait! I don't understand!
I have no idea what I did
to make you so angry!
At least tell me what I did wrong!
Like I could, perv!
What on earth could I have done this time?
Just take your lumps!
The horror film Atrocity!
Here we go!
Uzaki was unnecessarily riled up yesterday
by Sakurai's suggestive
language and behavior.
Though the misunderstanding
blew up in her face,
Uzaki, needing to soothe her rage
at having her girlish heart toyed with,
attempted to have
her revenge with horror films.
What a bold grudge to hold!
"Lousy Cat Genius"
Humans really are stupid creatures.
And... play!
Why are you so terrified?
"Revenge Failed"
I-I-I've never actually
seen a ho-ho-horror film...
I never knew they were so scary...
I-I-I just wanted to hassle you...
You're the poster child for
"hoist by your own petard."
Wh-Wh-Why are you okay with all this?
I thought you couldn't
handle horror films!
I mean, it's scary and all...
But the plot's surprisingly fun.
Plus, seeing you be
so scared let me keep my cool.
Wha--no fair! So I'm the only one...
You traitor!
I'd be mad, too, if the tables
were turned and she hated horror.
If you're that scared,
let's just stop here.
But I haven't seen you be terrified yet...
And I don't want to stop halfway through
when you're enjoying yourself.
She shows integrity
about the strangest things.
Whoa! G-Get off me!
Sorry... I was just so scared...
Get out of there!
That's a weird way to be scared!
I'm all burned out.
Scared to exhaustion...
I guess I can't handle horror, either.
I had no idea.
Not that I'll ever watch any ever again.
C'mon, the movie's over. Let's move on.
It's about time to go home.
It's late, so I'll walk
you to the station.
Nuh-uh.
--I'm afraid.
--What?
I don't want to walk
at night because I'm afraid.
Are you a child?
I was fine with it up till now!
But now I'll think something's
lurking around every corner!
I mean, I kind of get it...
Should I call a taxi?
No way! Absolutely not!
What if the driver's a ghost?
That's not a thing!
Should we have someone
from your house come get you?
Any one of them could be
a ghost in disguise!
We could go on forever
with this kind of thing!
Please, Senpai, let me spend the night.
I'll go home in the morning.
And I'll never ever
watch another horror film!
Yeah, but...
I'll make breakfast
and a bento lunch tomorrow!
Well, if you insist...
Hooray! Thank you! Thank you so much!
It's fine, really.
Gotta let the family know!
Sakurai had not noticed all the bait
consistently being laid out for him.
Oof.
Oh, you bought a futon.
For guests.
You do realize I'm the
only one who'll be using it.
None of your friends
would spend the night;
this is destined to become
my own personal futon.
Shut up!
Still, for as much as you hate
the idea, you still have one ready.
For me, right?
You're too kind, Senpai.
Shut up! And go take a bath!
Okay!
It's starting to be a given that Uzaki will
spend the night... and that's not great.
I haven't even worked
through my own feelings yet.
It might be because you're special.
Senpai!
Don't suddenly turn
the lights off or anything!
No pranks, okay?
Like I would ever.
Oh, and no peeping, either!
No matter how cute I am,
peeping is a crime. Got that, Senpai?
It's so dark! I'm so scared! Senpai!
Uzaki's bag...
Food? Damn, did she forget about these?
Might have to get 'em in the fridge.
Sorry I went poking around in your stuff.
Huge... that bra was huge...
I-I guess these things happen.
It's fine--it doesn't bother me.
Next time I'll just hide it
where you can't get at it.
"Next time"? "Hide it"?
I actually brought some underthings
thinking I might stay here again.
Sure didn't think I'd be
using them already, though!
Dammit! And after my big clean-up,
when I told you to take your stuff home!
Huh? What's that you're wearing?
This? I only had
underthings with me today,
so I dipped into your dresser
to borrow this shirt and these shorts.
Uh, those aren't shorts...
They're... my underwear.
Next time I'll bring PJs, too.
Please do.
Oh! I'll go wash them,
at least--to atone for my crime!
She ran away...
She might actually be better off
with less control, not more.
A phone call? At this hour?
Senpai! I'll wash those bath towels, too!
Okay.
Hello?
So you've got a girl
in there with you now?
Here I was always worried
about you being so rigid and cold.
I mean, I think it's great.
Very fitting for a college student.
That's my son!
I won't tell Mom;
just don't go overboard, okay?
It's not like that.
What do you want, Dad, you jerk?
Booze! Booze! Going out for drinks!
Made it!
Still waiting on Sak and Uzaki.
Ah, alcohol, emboldening us
to pry into where young folks stand
right before Christmas...
Could anyone ask for
a more exceptional feast?
Sorry I'm late!
Huh? You're not with Sak?
About that...
"Fresh Fish"             "Nipponkai Pub"
"Grilled Chicken"
Huh! Sakurai's back home?
That's right.
I guess he hadn't been home in two years,
and he got a phone call
telling him to give it up already.
Two years?! That's... wow.
I guess even a loner has his limits.
I'm home.
It's been a while.
"Haruko Sakurai, 49"
Welcome home, Shinichi. It really
has been quite a while, hasn't it?
Were you going to stay away again
this year if we hadn't called?
Do you enjoy your
solitary lifestyle that much?
Yeah, sorry I haven't been back sooner.
It is pretty carefree, living alone...
But--sorry, can I ask you something first?
Who's that? Are you babysitting part-time?
It's your little sister, of course.
Huh?
What do you mean, "huh"?
You didn't know you had a baby sister?!
I have a baby sister?!
"Nodoka Sakurai, 8 months"
Wha--huh? Huh?
That's my line!
Didn't your father tell you anything?
He always said college kids were busy,
so I shouldn't bend over
backwards to come home.
Huh? But he said,
"I'll call Shinichi and fill him in"...
So that's what happened.
I think I get the gist.
Oh, you're home at last, and you're
going to stay in the entryway chatting?
"Shiro Sakurai, 46"
Hey. Welcome home.
Dad.
You know, there's something
I've been wondering about Senpai.
What's that?
Sak's not even here,
and he's all she talks about.
We should have these
drinking parties more often.
Why does he live alone?
His family shouldn't
live too far from campus.
Right, especially since you
both went to the same high school.
Living alone in college
can be hard on the pocketbook...
And he could commute
from his folks' house.
I wonder if there's a reason for it?
So that's it.
The reason you half
forced me to live on my own,
saying it was another kind
of learning, like college.
Exactly right.
Your mom and I could
get back to getting frisky again!
Just like our newlywed days...
What a stupid reason.
You suck.
I got in touch with Shinichi.
Says he's busy, too.
He won't be coming home for New Year's.
He's really living it up
over there at college!
I headed off Mom's message to you
so you wouldn't come home.
I wanted her to focus on
raising Nodoka... and on me.
I sure wish it could have
gone on a little longer!
You're the worst.
I mean, it's nice for a married couple
to be frisky--er, friendly and all...
Mom, how old are you again?
Fifty next year.
It's not out of the...
realm of possibility...
We got a little wound up ourselves.
You really are amazing, Mom.
Oh, you!
I don't much feel like
praising you, though, Dad.
Your mom was all sad:
"Why won't Shinichi
come home to see the baby?"
I wound up having to get
your butt over here after all.
You shouldn't have covered up
such big news in the first place!
What were you thinking, you jerk?!
This right here.
You go for logical arguments,
like your mom.
I bet you've always got a
quick comeback at school, too.
That's not... that's not me at all!
But Shinichi can put his own needs
above the needs of those around him.
That's like you.
Don't like that, do you?
Look, I've put in an appearance.
I'm going back to my place.
Oh, come on.
You're finally home! Stay a while!
You're the one who's been keeping me away!
Say, I'm making dinner;
just spend one night, okay?
Right, right!
Listen...
Since you're here and all,
spend some time with your sister.
What else have you got to do?
But...
Nodoka! It's your big brother!
Wh-Whoa! This is so sudden!
I don't know how to hold a baby!
Support her neck and cradle her bottom.
It'll be fine.
She's not shy like you were.
I'll get the bath started.
Shout if you need something.
Hey!
My little sister by 21 years...
"Public House"
Oh, that's Senpai all over!
He never tells me anything important!
He just comes to his
own conclusions in his head!
What's the point in being
with someone like that?
I always wonder what he thinks
of the people closest to him...
"It's Meowvelous!"
Christmas is right around the corner.
We've had plenty to drink
to so far... and yet...
She seems pretty fed up
with how slow things are going.
Now, now. Unload that dissatisfaction
on the man himself when he gets back.
You know, I'd love to hear more
about you two back in high school.
"Fresh Fish"             "Nipponkai Pub"
"Grilled Chicken"
"Next Time"
"Episode 11: I Kind of Want
to Do Things Right Already!"